hello hello we will do now
I will adapt for pressing on live
typeset handles such as leather
from birch bark it will require a minimum
details here are two studs thanks
Rovio helped me get the 6th such dose.
watch and cut inside the parts here they are
ready to admit cheeks
now will need to drill a hole
times two times two times two will be these
studs for this i will put them together
now on the middle plank need to do
hole under the blade and drew it
a pencil
so everything is ready let's collect show
working principle on your working garage
tanto leaves here and here actually
All well, so adjust the tension here
already principle can be left and so and already
grip
here we press everyone thanks for watching
put your thumbs up bye